When I first learned my class would be making the Prom App, we were told that we would be able to see the code for last year's app, so that we could simply edit it to make it better. Unfortunately, we never got the code. I want to make sure that this time the code is passed down. Github would make this very easy, but unfortunately the school blocked it (On that note, the school also blocks the installation of third-party programs, so you'll need to use your own computer if you want to use firebase effectively.). In passing down this code to the future architects of the Prom App, my hope is that they will not struggle as much with the tasks that I have already solved. Some of the greatest hurdles I faced when making this app involved figuring out how to use firebase on a basic level (See https://www.reddit.com/r/Firebase/comments/b6mpo2/uncaught_typeerror_firebasefirestore_is_not_a/ for an example).

Because I already have the program set up to use this app, I don't remember exactly how I set it up the first time. If you for some reason aren't able to open this in firebase directly, know that the most important part of the project is the folder called "public"; I didn't really use the functions folder at all.

Some suggestions (in no particular order):
1. Although it is too late to change this year, next year the image names should be based on internal id (the one from Google) rather than the ticket number assigned to each student.
2. Sometimes I notice several errors in a row, so maybe logging which user submits a student would help us find people who enter errors frequently, and then we could let those people know so that they can improve.
3. It would be good if there was a section of the app that made it easy to see which tickets were incorrect or missing. Something more user-friendly than /dev/ would be ideal.
4. Every once in a while, I get a seemingly harmless error that says favicon.ico is missing. I eventually looked up what  this meant despite the harmless nature of the error, and I found that it is something browsers look for to display in the tab next to the title, like the cat icon on Github. It would be nice if someone on the front end team could design a tiny icon to be used here.
5. A frequent problem this year (by this year I mean 2019 btw) was incorrectly entered data, often called "user error" by Coach Bogle. Although I would agree that the fault lies with the user in these cases, I think that it is the responsibility of the developer, at least to some extent, to mitigate these errors. An idea I have is to show a table with the 3 most recent entries on the data entry page (edit.html), so that errors could be noticed even after submission. Additionally, it would be cool if a user could click on a piece of incorrect data and modify it without having to also resubmit everything else.
6. Mrs. Patel requested that the duplicate tickets be removed from the master table, as in only show the most recent ticket.
